Belmullet, Co. Mayo

For the ultimate adrenaline rush, Elements Kite Surfing has lessons to suit all in this fun, adventure sport. Elements Kite Surfing is based in Belmullet, County Mayo, on the beautiful pristine beaches and lakes of the Belmullet peninsula. All instructors are fully qualified (IKO – International Kite Surfing Organisation) and Elements Kite Surfing boasts a 100% safety record.
Lessons to choose from include; power kiting, two hours in duration where you will receive an introduction to kite flying. Kite taster, three hours long which is an introduction to kite flying with some water elements. Groundwork, one day in duration, for a great introduction to the sport, however, this does not cover the safety training necessary for progression on your own in the sport. Elemental, two days in duration for a good introduction to the sport aimed at continuing from the first day where you will spend most of the time in the water and introducing the board. Full elemental, three days in duration where you will become a self-sufficient kite surfer which will allow you to continue on your own. Zero to hero, five days in duration aimed at those who want the full shebang in a short period of time. Also available are one-two-one hourly lessons with a private coach which will allow you to achieve your goals in the quickest possible time.
All equipment is provided and included in lesson cost and all lessons are suitable for everyone weighing 45kg and above. Instructors speak French, Dutch, German and Irish.
Elements Kite surfing has an online retail store. Retailed online is the same current year RRD kite surfing gear that the instructors teach on. This allows their students to try RRD equipment before purchasing their kite boarding gear. You may also deduct the rental cost from your purchase price when buying new RRD gear.
For further information on lessons, instructor lessons, packages, equipment, kite safaris, etc. please visit the website or telephone the team.
Dulra Nature Tours based in Belmullet, can take you on a nature tour or boat trip enabling you to explore this beautiful area of Ireland, rich with historical sites, traditions, marine and bird wildlife.
Agata
Daria
Joasia
Kasia
Basia
Zosia
Jasia
